The house consists of four rooms. On entrance, the first room contains two beds on the right with a bedside table between them. There are two chairs at the foot of the beds. On the left there is a sofa on the farther side and a chair at the nearer side. There are two other doors here, one on the left wall and one on the front wall. The door on the left wall takes us to a kitchen which has a dining table in the middle and a sink on the right of the door. Coming back to the first room, the door on the front room takes us to an empty room of the same size as the first room. There is a door on the left wall here which takes us to the bathroom with a bathroom on the far corner.

The layout has one room which has 2 beds and a sofa set with a table in it. Left to the room is a door which opens up to a comparatively smaller room which has a dining table and sink in it. The main room has another door in upper front which opens up to an open area which has a door in its left connecting to a bathroom with a bathtub present in it. Size of the bathroom and kitchen is almost same while the space of open area and main room is same. 

The house basically has three partitions, bathroom, dining room, and a combined main hall and bedroom. The bathroom is in the top-left side, dining hall in the bottom left side and the bedroom in the bottom right side. There are two gates to enter into the house, both opening into the main hall and bedroom. There are two single beds placed with a table between them and two sofas facing the bed. The main hall has a couple of more sofas. Adjacent to the main hall is the dining room. It has a dining table with four chairs placed in the centre and a stove in a corner. The entrace to the bathroom is outside the house. It has a bathtub placed in one of its corner. 

There are three rooms in a flat of two , one bathroom , a dining and a living room . The kitchen has a dining of four . It is also equipped with a microwave . The flat's bathroom also has a bath tub . It has a big living room having two beds . It has a big closet and a small one too and  3 chairs . The kitchen and bathroom has a direct entry from bedroom and both are on the same side with kitchen attached to dining's right but one can't go to bathroom from kitchen . The flat has only one main gate.
