There are 3 rooms namely bedroom, washroom & drawing room. The drawing room contains one dining table, one 2 seater sofa, one square table & one rectangular sinc. The bedroom contains 2 beds and one single seat sofa. And the washroom contains one bathtub & one basin. There is main gate connected to the drawing room. And there are two more gates, one connects the drawing room and the bedroom and another one connects the drawing room and the bathroom. The drawing room is located in south-west direction, the bedroom is located in north-east direction and the washroom is located in south-east direction.

There are three rooms in the image.First one is the Hall which is at the bottom.It has a table and sofa.There is a toilet at the bottom right which is at the right of the hall connected to the hall by a door at the left of the toilet.Bedroom is at the top right which is connected to hall and toilet.It has two beds and one table which is connected with the hall by a door at the bottom left of the bedroom.

Three rooms. Bottom Left: Living room. Top right: Bedroom. Bottom Right: Bathroom. Bedroom and bath room are adjacent and are connected with living room through doors but not connected with each other through doors. The living room has door to go outside the house. Living room has a kitchen sink, a dining table, sofa and a small table. The small table is placed right in front of sofa. Bedroom has two beds with a sofa. Bathroom has a bath tub and a basin.

There are 3 rooms. The rooms are located in the upper right corner, bottom right corner and bottom left corner. The upper right corner room is bedroom, the bottom right corner room is bathroom, and bottom left corner room is living room. The area ordering of rooms in the increasing area is: bottom right, top right, and bottom left. The top right room has two beds and one sofa. The bottom right room has one bath tub and one basin. The bottom left room has one sink, one dining table, one table, and one sofa. The living room is connected to bedroom and bathroom.