There are 3 rooms namely bedroom, washroom & drawing room. The drawing room contains one circular table and 4 single seater sofa. The bedroom contains 2 beds and one single seater sofa. And the washroom contains one bathtub & one basin. There is main gate connected to the drawing room and one gate is parallel to the main gate. And there are two more gates, one connects the drawing room and the bedroom and another one connects the drawing room and the bathroom. The drawing room is located in the south-west direction, the bedroom is located in east direction and the washroom is located in south-east direction.

There is a bedroom at the top having two beds and a table. There is a hall in the left region containing sofa chairs and a table which is connected to the bedroom by door at the top.At the bottom right there is a toilet which is connected to the hall by a door at the left.

Four rooms. Starting from top, first is bedroom. Bedroom has two beds and a sofa. It is connected to the kitchen through a door and shares three of its boundaries and some portion of the fourth boundary with outside. For the remaining area, living room comprises of the major portion and shares two of its boundaries with outside. Living room has a round table with four sofas. Towards the bottom right is bathroom and is connected to living room through a door. It has a bath tub and a basin. Just above the bathroom and below bedroom is an empty room which is connected to both living room and outside through doors.  

There are 5 rooms. The rooms are located in top, bottom left corner, bottom right corner, and two rooms are located in the middle right. The top room is bedroom. The bottom right room is bathroom. The bottom left room is living room. The other two rooms are empty rooms. The living room has 4 sofas, and one round table. The bathroom has one bath tub, and one basin. The bedroom has two beds, and one sofa. The living room is connected to bedroom, bathroom, and one empty room. The empty rooms are connected with each other.