There are 3 rooms in this image. The top left room looks like a multi-purpose room with 2 beds with a table in between, 3 individual sofa's, and a double sofa. The top right room is kitchen with a dining table and cooking table. The bottom right room is bathroom with a bath-tub. The multi-purpose room lies the entrance to the building with 2 doors. It is alos connected to the kitchen. The kitchen is also connected to the bathroom.

There is a wide living room on the top left side. There is one door on the south wall and another door on the north wall slightly towards east. There are two beds in the living room in the top left side. There is one table in between the two beds. There are two sofas in the bottom left portion of the living room. There is one sofa in the top right corner of living room. There is one large sofa in the bottom right corner of the living room. There is a door to kitchen on right wall of the living room. The kitchen is on the right side of the living room. There is a dining table in the centre of the kitchen. There is a sinc in the bottom left corner of the kitchen. There is a bathroom below the kitchen. There is a door on left wall of the bathroom. There is a bathtub on the bottom right corner of the bathroom.

There are three components in the image. On the left top side, there is a bedroom which consist of two beds, a table, three chairs and a sofa. There are two doors on the opposite walls.On the right of the bedroom, there is a hall in which there is a dining table and a sink. To the bottom of hall, there is a bathroom which consist of a bathtub and there is a door on the left side of the bathroom.

Starting from bathroom on the bottom right consisting of a bathtub which is connected to dining room on the right top consisting of a dining table and a wash basin. This room is further connected to a common room consisting of a sofa, three chairs, two beds   and a table on top left. commom room is further connected to a empty room on bottom left.