There are 5 rooms in this image. The top left room is living room with 2 sofas with a table in between. The top-middle room is a kitchen with dining table and sink and cooking table. The top right room is a bathroom with 2 bath-tub's and 2 sink's. The bottom left room is multi-purpose room with a bed, a round table, a dining table, a sofa and a table. The bottom right room is 4 beds, 2 sofas with 3 tables in between. The multi-purpose room is the main entrance to this house with two gates. It is connected to kitchen, and bedroom.

There is a small meeting hall on the top left. There is a door on the left wall of the meeting hall. There is a door on the bottom wall of the meeting hall. There are two sofa in the centre of the meeting hall. There is a table in between the two sofa. There is a kitchen on the right side on the meeting hall. There is a dining table in the center of the kitchen. There is a sinc in the top right side of the kitchen. There is a sinc in the top left side of the kitchen. There is a door to living room on the bottom wall of the kitchen. There is a bathroom on the right side of the kitchen. There is a basin in the top left corner of the bathroom. There is a basin in the bottom left corner of the bathroom. There are two bathtubs in the top right corner and the bottom right corner of the bathroom. There is a door to the living room in the bottom wall of the bathroom. The living room is below the kitchen and the bathroom. There is a sofa on the top left corner of the living room. There is a bed on the bottom left corner of the living room. There is a small sofa in the bottom right corner of the living room. There is a round table in the top centre beside the wall in the livving room. There is a table in the top right corner of the living room. There is a door towards the bedroom in the right wall of the living room. The bedroom is on the right side of the living room. There are four beds in the upper half of the bedroom. THere are three tables in the lower of the bedroom. There is a sofa in the bottom left corner of the bedroom. There is a sofa in the bottom right corner of the bedroom.

There are 5 components in the image. On the left top, there is a drawing room in which there are two sofas and a table. To the right of drawing room, there is a dining table and two sinks. To the right of it, there is bathroom with two bathrooms and two sinks. To the bottom side, there is a hall with a dining table, a bed, a sofa, a round table, a table. Attached with the hall, there is a bedroom which consist of four beds, one sofa, five table.

On the left top a waiting hall with two sofas facing each other which is not connected with any other room. Besides it there is a kitchen on the top middle with a dining table, washbasin and a sink. On the top right a bathroom with two bathtubs and two basins. On the bottom right a bed room with three beds, three tables and a sofa. On the bottom middle a l shaped room which extends right consists of a rectangular table, a circular table, a bed, sofa, and a table.