There are 4 rooms namely bedroom, kitchen, washroom & drawing room. The drawing room contains one circular table and 3 single seater sofa. The bedroom contains 2 beds and one single seater sofa. The washroom contains one bathtub only. And the kitchen contains one dining table, one rectangular sinc and one basin. There is main gate connected to the drawing room. And there are 3 more gates, first one connects the drawing room and the kitchen, second one connects the drawing room and the bathroom and the last one connects the kitchen and the bedroom. The drawing room is located in the south-west direction, the bedroom is located in the north direction, the kitchen is located in the middle of the bedroom & the drawing room and the bathroom is located in the south-east direction.

There is a bedroom at the top having two beds and a table. Also there is a kitchen at the centre having a dining table and a sink which is connected to the bedroom by a door at the top.There is a hall at the bottom containing sofa sets and a round table which is connected to the kitchen by a door at the top.Also there is a toilet at the bottom right location which is connected to the hall by a door at the left.

Four rooms. Starting from top, first is bedroom. Bedroom has two beds and a sofa. It is connected to the kitchen through a door and shares three of its boundaries and some portion of the fourth boundary with outside. The kitchen is just below the bedroom. It has a dining table, a basin and a kitchen sink. Kitchen shares two of its boundaries with outside. Towards the bottom left is living room and is connected to kitchen through a door. Living room has a round table and a door which connects to outside. Living room is connected to a bathroom through a door. Bathroom has a bath tub and shares three of its boundaries with the outside. 

There are 4 rooms. The rooms are located in top, bottom right, bottom left, and in the middle of top room and bottom left room. The top room is bedroom, the bottom right room is bathroom, the bottom left room is drawing room, and the room in the middle of top and bottom left room is kitchen. The bedroom has two beds and one sofa. Kitchen has one dining table, one basin, and one sink. The bathroom has one bathtub. The living room has three sofas, and one round table. Kitchen is connected to bedroom and living room. The living room is connected to bathroom and kitchen.