The house consists of four rooms. On entrance, there is a guest room with a sofa, a round table and two chairs. There are three other doors in this room, one on the far wall, and two doors on the right wall. Going through the door on the far wall, we enter a small kitchen with a dining table and a sink. Coming back to the guest room and taking the door nearer to the entrance, we enter a bathroom with a bathtub and a toilet commode. Coming back to the guest room and taking the last door, we enter a bedroom with two beds with a bedside table in between them, and two chairs.

Main entrance of the layout opens up to the guest room which has a circular table and a sofa set in it. there are 3 doors in the guest room two present at the lower bottom of the room. One which is at the left opens to the bathroom while the door at the right opens to the main bedroom of the house which has a set of bed and sofas in it. Third door of the guest house is at the right hand side of the room which opens up to the kitchen having dining table and washbasin in it.

The house has four partitions, a main hall in top left corner, a bedroom in the bottom right corner, bathroom in the bottom left corner, and a kitchen in top right corner. The main hall and the bedroom are approximately the double the size of the kitchen and the bathroom, respectively. The main door of the house opens in the main hall. The main hall consists of a sofa, a round table with four chairs and two tables. Three doors open from the main into the bathroom, the kitchen and the bedroom. The bathroom consists of a bathtub and a basin. The bedroom consists of two sofas, a couple of single beds and a table. The kitchen has a sink and a dining table with four chairs.

There are four rooms in this big flat . The entry to the flat is through drawing room . It has a sofa set with a round table for four to its staright and 2 chairs more in the end.Right to it is the bathroom attached with a bath tub and a toilet .You can also enter the big living room from the drawing room havinbg two chairs and straight to the chairs you ll find two beds with a table between them . Staright from the drawing room is a entrance to the kitchen having a dining of four and to its right lies a microwave .