The house consists of four rooms. On entrance, there is a guest room with a round table and a sofa at the centre. There are two doors, one of the right wall and one on the far wall. Going through the door on the right, we enter a room with a single bed on the far side, a sofa on the left, and a table on the right. Coming back to the guest room and going through the second door, we enter the kitchen with a dining table at the centre and a sink on the far left corner. There is also a door on the right which takes us to the bathroom with a bathtub and a toilet commode on the far side.

Main entrance of the house opens in the guest room which has a round table and a sofa set in it. In the lower bottom there is a door which connects to a bedroom with a bed and sofa in it. Guest room has an another room in the right which connects to the hall which has a dining table and sink in it. In the lower bottom of the hall, there is a door which opens up to the bathroom.

The house has four partitions, a main hall in top left corner, a bedroom in the bottom left corner, bathroom in the bottom right corner, and a kitchen in top right corner. The main door of the house opens in the main hall. The main hall consists of a sofa and a round table with four chairs. There are two doors opening from the main hall, one into the bedroom and the second door into the kitchen. The bedroom has a single bed, a table and a sofa. The kitchen has a sink and a dining table with four chairs. A door from the kitchen opens into the bathroom. The bathroom has a bathtub and a basin.

There are four room in this big flat . The entry to the flat is through a drawing room . Here you can find a sofa set with a round table for four in staight to sofa. Right to this room is the living room with one bed a big table to its straight and a mirror table to table's right . Right to the drawing room you will find the kitchen with a dining for four and a microwave. From here you can enter the bathroom having a big bath tub and a toilet. 